Sarah do this video I'm class is dipped
you go on my truck I did these emblems
in here also there I hand the background
that they decide to cover this one right
here with tape but took the tape off
immediately after I painted it or not
immediately around 23 minutes after I
painted it have a smoke another video
number did all four rims plasti dip and
then she listened to really clean well
before you before you decide to do them
because I learned trial and error that
you don't clean them right the first
time you have to peel all it off dizzy
this is the front one this is about a
month ago at the
front emblem here she looks a little
different looks more shinier because I
did the plastidip about 10 minutes later
I had a clear coat on an evening enough
so i didn't have to wet send it and it
didn't have a lot of orange peel to it
and then tipped off the edges and it
took those off wouldn't get on here yeah
the other room nothing clean off clean
they get dirt you did the side in them
did cover all these up but here to
decide to put able to get off I put
table hey you discover it with the
square then peel it off with I wanted to
be on the safer side and just taped all
the edges off like the other room who
says we're about a month now not peeling
off still going on shrunk you don't rub
off nothing's good yeah I recommend it I
did the smoked also with the our class
Egypt haces with another spray we're
smoking up really unexpensive to inner a
great great gloss to it
i recommend it looks good